#  Machine learning project mohamed s 
 Analyzing and compare the effectiveness of four machine learning algorithms in predicting the onset of diabetes using the Pima Indians diabetes dataset.

# Introduction
Diabetes has emerged as a rapidly growing chronic disease, and its incidence has surged to alarming levels in recent years.. This is due to numerous factors including nutritional habits, lifestyle choices, and genetics. There are 2 types of diabetes which are insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus(type 1 diabetes) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus(type 2 diabetes) with type 2 diabetes being the most common This has propelled it to become a major global cause of mortality. The sharp increase in this chronic disease has led the need for an effect prognosis tool to diagnose diabetes at an early stage potentially reducing complications and costs. Machine learning effectively be that prognosis tool needed.
The Pima Indians Diabetes Dataset is a dataset that originates from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. It aims to diagnose whether a patient has diabetes or not based on some diagnostic measures involved in the dataset. The dataset is made up of several independent medical predictor variables and one dependent target variable, Outcome. Independent variables comprise the BMI, count of pregnancies the patient has, their level of insulin, age, etc.
We have applied various machine learning algorithms to predict the outcome of diabetes based on this dataset. Overall, this study will examine and determine which machine algorithm performs best.
